alright hey guys i just wanted to show
you a cool new map i have on my iphone
it's it there's a guitar tuner but it's
not just any guitar tuner it's the
nepali tune from TC electronic what it
is is lets you check the tuning of all
six strings at once all you have to do
is strung all strings but for example it
just like this
as you can
but if I were to be to my string this
what would happen so right now I'm going
to detune the sixth string
and if you want to check each string
individual just run the individual
strands
and this one's way off
I'm having this guitar and c-sharp
attuning by the way which I like to call
to Miami tuning because that's the uses
on some like Sabbath sauce
efsher
he shot
so now I'm in c-sharp tuning
yeah I'm so on you know that song mmm
yeah we bounce about it i just want to
show this polytune it's 999 at the app
store and i really like this tuner and i
hope you'll enjoy it as well so i'm
sippin on guys all see later